Fix pytest.raises handling of unicode exceptions in Python 2 (#5479)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/5478.bugfix.rst

> Use safe_str to serialize Exceptions in pytest.raises

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix encode error when using unicode strings in exceptions with ``pytest.raises``.
```
